[Music]
the Gaza Strip isn't just being bombed
it's being poisoned a un report has
warned that Israel's attacks on the
Strip are causing potentially
irreversible and widespread
environmental damage the air is polluted
with dust and asbestos from destroyed
buildings rubbish collection has stopped
and there is over 107 kilograms of
debris for every square meter of the
Gaza Strip attracting rodents and insect
the waste here has brought diseases our
children are suffering from things we've
never seen before skin pimples and
rashes I returned from the clinic just
an hour ago there are lots of people who
are ill my child has a fever and the
doctor said that it was a result of the
pollution
here without fuel the treatment of
sewage has stopped it has made its way
into
streets
tents and the sea
where it upsets ecosystems and can make
fish unsafe to eat at a time when the
strip faces
famine the report also warns that bombs
have contaminated the drinking water
which is also at risk of contamination
from sea water that Israel says it has
pumped into Hamas tunnels beneath Gaza
dirty or not Palestinians have no choice
but to drink
it every week my son stands crying dying
because of the pollution of water here
we have hepatitis which turns our eyes
yellow we also have intestinal
infections not just me but the whole
shelter everybody suffers there is no
clean water we are forced to drink it
even though it's not clean at
[Music]
all the report notes it is highly likely
that agricultural land is contaminated
with heavy metals from Munitions and
Israeli tanks have compacted soil making
those those areas impossible to farm on
the UN says that the true extent of the
damage will not be clear until it can
send its experts into Gaza impossible
without a ceasefire camil nelc Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer